Added AAD Service Principals to the command (#4886)
actions/virtual-environments: docs/create-image-and-azure-resources.md

The function automatically creates all required Azure resources and kicks off packer image generation for the selected image type.

> If you use Azure for building, please add the following `AzureClientId`, `AzureClientSecret`, `AzureTenantId`, so the whole command will be:

Reviewer: I'd paraphrase it a bit:
```suggestion
For optional authentication via service principal make sure to provide the following params — `AzureClientId`, `AzureClientSecret`, `AzureTenantId`, so the whole command will be:
```

Reviewer 2: ok
